{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1348\cocoasubrtf170
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 LucidaGrande;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red49\green49\blue49;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww19480\viewh13020\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720

\f0\b\fs20 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Welcome to Youmitter:
\b0 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\'a0a revolutionary concept for an anonymous social networking, micro-blogging platform. The following are Youmitter\'92s Terms and Conditions. Upon using or accessing Youmitter in any way, users agree to be bound by and fully comply with both these Terms and Conditions and the Privacy Policy.\
\'a0\

\b \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
1. Limitations of Liability 
\b0 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT ALLOWABLE UNDER THE LAW, YOUMITTER, ITS EMPLOYEES, ITS AGENTS, ITS OWNERS, AND ANY RELATED ENTITY WILL NOT BE LIABLE FOR DIRECT, INDIRECT, CONSEQUENTIAL, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, OR PUNITIVE DAMAGES OR LOST PROFITS RESULTING FROM THE USE, MISUSE, OR INABILITY TO USE THE SITE, ANY THIRD PARTY CONTENT, CONTENT OF OTHER USERS OF THE SITE, CONTENT FROM THE SITE, OR CONTENT, MATERIAL, SERVICES, OR GOODS OBTAINED THROUGH THE USE OF THE SITE, IRRESPECTIVE OF WHETHER YOUMITTER HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBLIITY OF SUCH DAMAGES OR LOSSES. In the event that a jurisdiction does not allow for the disclaimer of a particular type of warranty or a limitation of liability, such provisions may not be applicable.\
\'a0\

\b \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
2. Disclaimer of Warranties 
\b0 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
YOUMITTER IS AVAILABLE ON AN AS IS AND AS AVAILABLE BASIS. AS SUCH, YOUMITTER, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT OF THE LAW, DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO: WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, NON-INFRINGEMENT, AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. NO COMMUNICATION WITH SITE STAFF WILL CREATE A WARRANTY. YOUMITTER DISCLAIMS ALL RESPONSIBILITY AND LIABILITY TO THE FULLEST EXTENT OF THE LAW FOR ISSUES ARISING OUT OF THE SITE, THE USE OF THE SITE, ITS CONTENT, OR CONTENT, GOODS, SERVICES, AND MATERIAL OBTAINED THROUGH THE USE OF THE SITE IN ANY WAY. Youmitter is not responsible or liable for the failure to store or the deletion of data, content, and information on the site.\
\'a0\

\b \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
3. Limitations of Service
\b0 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\'a0Youmitter reserves the right to limit the amount of content users may transmit and upload as well as the amount and level of access users may have to the site. Youmitter may discontinue all or part of its functionality and operations without notice and will not be liable or responsible to users or third parties in the event of such an occurrence.\
\'a0\

\b \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
4. Copyright 
\b0 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Youmitter does not actively scan user content for copyright violations. If you believe content on the site violates copyright, please relay all of the following information to site administrators: identification of the content believed to be in violation of copyright, a statement by you declaring that you have a good faith belief that the alleged use of the copyrighted content is not authorized in any way, your complete contact information, your signature, and a statement declaring, under penalty of perjury, you are authorized to act on behalf of the copyright owner and that all information included in this correspondence is complete and accurate. Youmitter reserves the right to remove content believed to be in violation of copyright and may suspend, disable, or delete the offending account or block the IP address of an offending user.\
\'a0\

\b \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
5. User Content and Accounts 
\b0 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Users waive all rights to transmissions, photos, videos, and other content and grant Youmitter a non-exclusive, irrevocable, transferable, royalty-free, worldwide license to use in any way such content without compensation. Content may also be removed and deleted without notice for violating any provision of the Terms and Conditions or the Privacy Policy.\
\'a0\
Youmitter reserves the right, without notice, to remove and delete content that is offensive, spam, illegal, or otherwise unwanted. Upon discovering offensive content, users may alert site administrators, who may, but are not obligated to, remove such content. Transmissions that are removed prior to their paid-for expiration date will not result in the refund of the unused credits.\
\'a0\
By accepting these terms and creating a user account on Youmitter, you are agreeing to receive email notifications that are a part of the operation of Youmitter, and which may be used for informational and marketing purposes.\
\'a0\
Youmitter reserves the right, without notice, to suspend, disable, and delete accounts that violate the Terms and Conditions or the Privacy Policy. Youmitter may also block IP addresses as well as take any other action to terminate a user\'92s access to the site. Unused credits will not be refunded to users who have their accounts suspended, disabled, or deleted.\
\'a0\

\b \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
6. Wishes and Voluntary Disclosures of Information
\b0 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\'a0by Users Youmitter does not guarantee that a wish will be granted. Youmitter is not liable or responsible for consequences flowing from voluntary disclosures of personal information by users. When goods are purchased or services rendered between users, Youmitter is not liable or responsible for the shipping, performance, damage to, problem with, or quality of any such good or service. To the fullest extent of the law, Youmitter disclaims all warranties for goods or services received or rendered through the use of the site in any way.\
\'a0\

\b \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
7. Indemnity
\b0 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\'a0In the event a claim is brought against Youmitter that arises out of a user\'92s actions, content, or transmissions to, on, or through this site or relating to the Terms and Conditions or the Privacy Policy, the aforementioned offending user agrees to indemnify and hold Youmitter harmless from any such claim and related damages of any kind including reasonable legal fees and costs.\
\'a0\

\b \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
8. Choice of Law
\b0 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\'a0Without regard to conflict of law provisions, the laws of the State of Georgia will govern the Terms and Conditions, the Privacy Policy, and any claim that arises in connection with Youmitter.\
\'a0\

\b \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
9. Jurisdiction
\b0 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\'a0Users submit and consent to the personal jurisdiction of and venue in the courts located in Fulton County, Georgia. All claims arising out of the Terms and Conditions, the Privacy Policy, or otherwise in connection with Youmitter will be resolved in such courts.\
\'a0\

\b \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
10. Third Party Links 
\b0 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Youmitter may provide links to third party sites through advertisements or otherwise. Youmitter is not responsible or liable in any way for the content stemming from the use of these links. The user assumes all risk in using such third party links and content therein.\
\'a0\

\b \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
11. Privacy Policy
\b0 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\'a0By agreeing to the Terms and Conditions or by using Youmitter in any way, users also agree to the terms of the Privacy Policy.\
\'a0\

\b \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
12. Alterations to Terms and Conditions or Privacy Policy
\b0 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Youmitter reserves the right to alter the Terms and Conditions and the Privacy Policy at any time. Each aforementioned agreement on the site will reflect any alteration immediately upon its implementation. By continuing to use Youmitter following the posting of an altered agreement, users agree to be bound by the altered agreement.\
\'a0\

\b \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
13. Severability
\b0 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\'a0In the event that a court finds a provision of the Terms and Conditions or the Privacy Policy invalid or unenforceable, the remainder of both of these agreements will remain in full force and effect.\
\'a0\

\b \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
14. Miscellaneous
\b0 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
Users agree to comply with all applicable law when using Youmitter.\
\
Failure to exercise or enforce any provisions of the Terms and Conditions or Privacy Policy does not constitute a waiver of that or any other provision of either agreement.\
\
The Terms and Conditions and Privacy Policy make up the entire agreement between Youmitter and its users, and supersede any prior agreements.\
\
Though Youmitter takes all reasonable precautions to ensure the security and privacy of the personal information and content users provide, we do not guarantee security.\
\
International users of Youmitter agree that their information and content will be transmitted to and indefinitely stored in the United States.\
\
Youmitter does not knowingly collect or store personal information from children younger than 13. If Youmitter becomes aware of such an instance, site administrators will endeavor to remove all related information.\
\
Youmitter is the property of Green Circle, LLC. The Youmitter name and Youmitter logo are registered trademarks of Green Circle, LLC. All rights reserved.\
\'a0\

\b \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
15. Definitions
\b0 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
\'93Transmissions\'94 are micro-blog text posts, created through the primary application on Youmitter.\
\
A \'93credit\'94 is the unit of currency on Youmitter, which users purchase and apply towards the posting length of transmissions.\
\
A \'93wish\'94 is a feature of Youmitter that involves the use of a transmission as a solicitation for a good or service.\
\
\'93Content\'94 is user-uploaded, -created, or \'96submitted material that includes, but is not limited to, all picture files, video files, and transmissions.\
\
A \'93user\'94 is any person who uses any part of Youmitter in any way for any purpose.\
\
\'93The site\'94 refers to {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.youmitter.com/"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul \ulc2 www.youmitter.com}}\'a0and all pages therein and associated therein.}